Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to play our cards, items, data.
Okay, now to do this, we have to go to the provider directory and the cards on this call.
Provider five okay.
And the first step is to create a function over here.
We have to save void and we are going to call this function.
Claire cos.
We within the princess is we are not going to pass any product value.
And the reason for this is because we do not want to clear a specific product, but we basically want
to clear the products we have in our cart.
So all we just have to say is to call the on the score list.
Right and dot clay so we know that cast that clear.
Okay.
You can see this on the score list variable as a variable which stores call the added cut item.
And you can see currently we have just, just two products added to this on the score list variable.
Okay.
And lastly, we have to say notify, notify listener in order to get that current update or the update,
we are basically making use control and save.
And now we have to go to the cart.
The Cards screen.
And you can see we have this button of the delete forever and you can see over here we have the consumer
and we have the cards provider class and we basically have this card provider variable.
And you can see this card provides a variable as a variable that's you can see the value as a variable
that stores this card provider class.
Right.
And you can see why we do not have access to discuss provider variable because this comes first.
So what we can then say we can use the context that read and as well you can use the provider of context.
But for some reasons we are just going to use this right?
Or you can just use that context, the treat and we have to specify it is the card provider class we
want to have access to.
Okay.
So by doing this, we then have access to all everything within the cards, provide a class and all
we just have to say is to call the class cards and this is basically it use controller.
And has to save.
And.
And click on this OC, you can see God's deleted.
And then what we can do is this content be.
We can then have a check.
You can see currently we do not have any item in our cards and for this purpose we are then going to
display this over here, which is basically saying your card is empty.
Okay.
To do this in order to update the UI without any errors or any complications, we are then going to
say contest dot.
Contest.
Sorry.
I think we have to automatically contest.
Contest.
Dot.
Watch.
Now, that's a check for the hobbits.
And this is going to be cut provider.
This guy wants to have access to.
The cuts.
So Clint says that watch.
That watch and this should be over.
Cuts provider.
And we want access to the get items and we are going to say dots is not empty.
If it is not empty, it means we already have a product.
Then we want to display the product.
Look, I think we need this over here.
Okay.
Now click on this else.
If it is empty, we then want to display the center widget, which basically has this test which says
your cart is empty and highlight from this point to this.
In this country and has to save.
And go check it out.
I think currently we do not have any item in our card.
And you can see we are saying this, your card is empty and go back and hard again.
Just going to add another.
Okay.
Howard again and click on this.
Okay, click on this.
Okay.
Your card isn't working as expected.
So I think for more simplicity.
Let's go with this contest that watch.
Then passing the provider and the name of the provider.
And this is basically referring to we are basically saying we want to have access to the cards provider
class or the source of the data we want to use is the cards provider.
Okay, so for more simplicity, please choose this contest.
Watch.
Instead of the provider of contest, then the listing is equal to true.
Choose this.
And also choose this.
The context that we provide.
And in the future, I'm going to tell you the reason why we have to go with this and this.
And not.
I think we have that in our code.
And.
And and and.
And and not this.
In the future, I'm going to tell you that.
Or you can let me know if you are interested or definitely I'm going to tell you because it is needed.
You know, it's just required.
You know, it's okay.
We're just going to have some more products and hopefully we have no errors.
Or maybe we could also we start this.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.